In this lecture, we will test one last
exceptional scenario for the cancel
order method we can grab the entire test method
here there is a reason why I'm not
copying this test method but i'm copying
the cancel order from the earlier you need
the full method because name this method
cancel order should should through a
BO exception on update should
underscore through underscore underscore
BO exception on update the DAO
update so here we have to leave these
two lines as is because the read should
happen before the update and update we
are going to set the expectations instead
of then return it will be this thing here you
can copy then throw sequel exception
and replace this entire return from
here then and we need not assign the result
and we can take out the asserts and
verifications like we have done before
and we'll use the expected attribute is
equal to BO exception.class
that's it, run it again by clicking on the
play button everything is green so we have
simply stubbed out the read method to
return a valid order back and then we
have thrown an exception when the update
method gets called we have stubbed the
update call to throw an exception and
our cancel order method is crapping the
sequel exception that comes back inside
a BO exception by catching it and
it throws a BO exceptions back
as expected.